chore: add QnA to troubleshooting.md (#244)
litmuschaos/litmus-docs: website/docs/troubleshooting.md

If Your container runtime is `containerd` then you have to change the `CONTAINER_RUNTIME` to `containerd` and `SOCKET_PATH` to `/var/run/containerd/containerd.sock`.
You can find these in tune faults part of the tune chaos experiment page.

### The probe only accepts values in `ns, us, ms, m, s, or h`. But Why do experiments fail with `must be of type integer`?

In the logs of the Helper pod, you may face these error logs below.

```shell
{"mainLogs":"W1003 08:59:55.273647       1 client_config.go:552] Neither --kubeconfig nor --master was specified.  Using the inClusterConfig.  This might not work.\n2023/10/03 08:59:55 Error Creating Resource : ChaosEngine.litmuschaos.io 'pod-network-loss-h6srhrls' is invalid: [spec.experiments[0].spec.probe[0].runProperties.interval: Invalid value: 'string': spec.experiments[0].spec.probe[0].runProperties.interval in body must be of type integer: 'string', spec.experiments[0].spec.probe[0].runProperties.probeTimeout: Invalid value: 'string': spec.experiments[0].spec.probe[0].runProperties.probeTimeout in body must be of type integer: 'string']\n"}
```

> It's because your cluster using old CRD manifest files. So you need to delete all Litmus' CRDs and reinstall them. CRDs definition is in the Chaos Infrastructure yaml file.

Reviewer: Suggestion: You can also add a link to the latest crd manifest files.

Author: Updated it :) @Saranya-jena

Author: And one question. @Saranya-jena 
I think we don't have to manage `chaoscenter/manifests` [folder](https://github.com/litmuschaos/litmus/tree/master/chaoscenter/manifests).

Because It is duplicated with mkdocs folder. Also, The crds in the `chaoscenter/manifests` are outdated.
How do you think?

Reviewer: In mkdocs we are storing the release manifests, but in chaoscenter/manifests we are storing the ci manifest. Do you have any suggestions regarding this? 🤔

Author: I will then raise a PR to update the outdated ChaosEngine CRD. Is it okay @Saranya-jena ?

Reviewer: Yes that would be great @namkyu1999 !

> It's because your cluster using old CRD manifest files. So you need to delete all Litmus' CRDs and reinstall them. The definition for CRDs can be found in the Chaos Infrastructure YAML file or at this [link](https://github.com/litmuschaos/litmus/blob/master/mkdocs/docs/3.0.0/litmus-portal-crds-3.0.0.yml).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It's because your cluster using old CRD manifest files. So you need to delete all Litmus' CRDs and reinstall them. The definition for CRDs can be found in the Chaos Infrastructure YAML file or at this [link](https://github.com/litmuschaos/litmus/blob/master/mkdocs/docs/<chaoscenter-version>/litmus-portal-crds-<chaoscenter-version>.yml).
```
